Docs for ICs and time steppers (#19129)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/ics/ConstantIC.md

# ConstantIC

!syntax description /ICs/ConstantIC

> This constant value may be set for the whole variable domain, or restricted to particular blocks or boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a constant initial condition described by parameter [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/value). It can be restricted to particular blocks and boundaries using the [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/block) and !param](/ICs/ConstantIC/boundary) parameters, respectively.
```

> Sets a constant initial condition described by parameter [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/value). It can be restricted to particular blocks and boundaries using the [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/block) and !param](/ICs/ConstantIC/boundary) parameters, respectively.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets a constant initial condition described by parameter [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/value). It can be restricted to particular blocks and boundaries using the [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/block) and [!param](/ICs/ConstantIC/boundary) parameters, respectively.
```
